gh-131430: Fix crashes on an empty DELETE_WORD_BACKWARDS (^W) followed by CLEAR_TO_START (^K) (#131452)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-05-11-06-44-10.gh-issue-131430.wbtIcQ.rst

> Fix crashes on an empty DELETE_WORD_BACKWARDS (^W) followed by

Reviewer: Just to make it clear that this is about PyREPL:
```suggestion
Fix PyREPL crash on an empty DELETE_WORD_BACKWARDS (^W) followed by
```

> CLEAR_TO_START (^K). Added comprehensive test cases for both Control-W and
> Control-K functionality.

Reviewer: We normally don't mention tests in the news entries ;)
```suggestion
CLEAR_TO_START (^K).
```
